doc_source/multi-queue-tutorial-v3.md, before:

# Running jobs in a multiple queue mode cluster<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3"></a>

This tutorial covers how to run your first "Hello World" job on AWS ParallelCluster with [multiple queue mode](configuration-of-multiple-queues-v3.md)\.

**Prerequisites**
+ AWS ParallelCluster [is installed](install-v3-parallelcluster.md)\.
+ The AWS CLI [is installed and configured\.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
+ You have an [EC2 key pair](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-key-pairs.html)\.
+ You have an IAM role with the [permissions](iam-roles-in-parallelcluster-v3.md#iam-roles-in-parallelcluster-v3-example-user-policies) that are required to run the [`pcluster`](pcluster-v3.md) CLI\.

## Configure your cluster<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-configure-cluster"></a>

First, verify that AWS ParallelCluster is correctly installed by running the following command\.

```
$ pcluster version
```

For more information about `pcluster version`, see [`pcluster version`](pcluster.version-v3.md)\.

This command returns the running version of AWS ParallelCluster\.

Next, run `pcluster configure` to generate a basic configuration file\. Follow all the prompts that follow this command\.

```
$ pcluster configure --config multi-queue-mode.yaml
```

For more information about the `pcluster configure` command, see [`pcluster configure`](pcluster.configure-v3.md)\.

After you complete this step, a basic configuration file named `multi-queue-mode.yaml` appears\. This file contains a basic cluster configuration\.

In the next step, you modify your new configuration file and launch a cluster with multiple queues\.

**Note**  
Some instances that this tutorial uses aren't free\-tier eligible\.

For this tutorial, modify your configuration file to match the following configuration\. The items that are highlighted in red represent your configuration file values\. Keep your own values\.

```
Region: region-id
Image:
 Os: alinux2
HeadNode:
 InstanceType: c5.xlarge
 Networking:
   SubnetId: subnet-abcdef01234567890
 Ssh:
   KeyName: yourkeypair
Scheduling:
 Scheduler: slurm
 SlurmQueues:
 - Name: spot
   ComputeResources:
   - Name: c5xlarge
     InstanceType: c5.xlarge
     MinCount: 1
     MaxCount: 10
   - Name: t2micro
     InstanceType: t2.micro
     MinCount: 1
     MaxCount: 10
   Networking:
     SubnetIds:
     - subnet-abcdef01234567890
 - Name: ondemand
   ComputeResources:
   - Name: c52xlarge
     InstanceType: c5.2xlarge
     MinCount: 0
     MaxCount: 10
   Networking:
     SubnetIds:
     - subnet-021345abcdef6789
```

## Create your cluster<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-create-cluster"></a>

Create a cluster that's named `multi-queue-cluster` based on your configuration file\.

```
$ pcluster create-cluster --cluster-name multi-queue-cluster --cluster-configuration multi-queue-mode.yaml
{
 "cluster": {
   "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
   "cloudformationStackStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS",
   "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
   "region": "eu-west-1",
   "version": "3.5.1",
   "clusterStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS"
 }
}
```

For more information about the `pcluster create-cluster` command, see [`pcluster create-cluster`](pcluster.create-cluster-v3.md)\.

To check the status of the cluster, run the following command\.

```
$ pcluster list-clusters
{
 "cluster": {
   "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
   "cloudformationStackStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS",
   "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
   "region": "eu-west-1",
   "version": "3.5.1",
   "clusterStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS"
 }
}
```

When the cluster is created, the `clusterStatus` field shows `CREATE_COMPLETE`\.

## Log in to the head node<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-log-into-head-node"></a>

Use your private SSH key file to log in to the head node\.

```
$ pcluster ssh --cluster-name multi-queue-cluster -i ~/path/to/yourkeyfile.pem
```

For more information about `pcluster ssh`, see [`pcluster ssh`](pcluster.ssh-v3.md)\.

After logging in, run the `sinfo` command to verify that your scheduler queues are set up and configured\.

For more information about `sinfo`, see [sinfo](https://slurm.schedmd.com/sinfo.html) in the *Slurm documentation*\.

```
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite     18  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[1-9],spot-dy-t2micro-[1-9]
spot*        up   infinite      2  idle  spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

The output shows that you have one `t2.micro` and one `c5.xlarge` compute node in the `idle` state that are available in your cluster\.

Other nodes are all in the power saving state, indicated by the `~` suffix in node state, with no EC2 instances backing them\. The default queue is indicated by a `*` suffix after its queue name\. `spot` is your default job queue\.

## Run job in multiple queue mode<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-running-job-mqm"></a>

Next, try to run a job to sleep for a while\. The job later outputs its own hostname\. Make sure that this script can be run by the current user\.

```
$ tee <<EOF hellojob.sh
#!/bin/bash
sleep 30
echo "Hello World from \$(hostname)"
EOF

$ chmod +x hellojob.sh
$ ls -l hellojob.sh
-rwxrwxr-x 1 ec2-user ec2-user 57 Sep 23 21:57 hellojob.sh
```

Submit the job using the `sbatch` command\. Request two nodes for this job with the `-N 2` option, and verify that the job submits successfully\. For more information about `sbatch`, see [https://slurm.schedmd.com/sbatch.html](https://slurm.schedmd.com/sbatch.html) in the *Slurm documentation*\.

```
$ sbatch -N 2 --wrap "srun hellojob.sh"
Submitted batch job 1
```

You can view your queue and check the status of the job with the `squeue` command\. Because you didn't specify a specific queue, the default queue \(`spot`\) is used\. For more information about `squeue`, see [https://slurm.schedmd.com/squeue.html](https://slurm.schedmd.com/squeue.html) in the *Slurm documentation*\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER  ST      TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
   1      spot     wrap ec2-user  R       0:10      2 spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
```

The output shows that the job is currently in a running state\. Wait for the job to finish\. This takes about 30 seconds\. Then, run `squeue` again\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER          ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
```

Now that the jobs in the queue have all finished, look for the output file that's named `slurm-1.out` in your current directory\.

```
$ cat slurm-1.out
Hello World from spot-st-t2micro-1
Hello World from spot-st-c5xlarge-1
```

The output shows that the job ran successfully on the `spot-st-t2micro-1` and `spot-st-c5xlarge-1` nodes\.

Now submit the same job by specifying constraints for specific instances with the following commands\.

```
$ sbatch -N 3 -p spot -C "[c5.xlarge*1&t2.micro*2]" --wrap "srun hellojob.sh"
Submitted batch job 2
```

You used these parameters for `sbatch`:
+ `-N 3`– requests three nodes\.
+ `-p spot`– submits the job to the `spot` queue\. You can also submit a job to the `ondemand` queue by specifying `-p ondemand`\.
+ `-C "[c5.xlarge*1&t2.micro*2]"`– specifies the specific node constraints for this job\. This requests one `c5.xlarge` node and two `t2.micro` nodes to be used for this job\.

Run the `sinfo` command to view the nodes and queues\. Queues in AWS ParallelCluster are called partitions in Slurm\.

```
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite      1  alloc# spot-dy-t2micro-1
spot*        up   infinite     17  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[2-10],spot-dy-t2micro-[2-9]
spot*        up   infinite      1  mix   spot-st-c5xlarge-1
spot*        up   infinite      1  alloc spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

The nodes are powering up\. This is indicated by the `#` suffix on the node state\. Run the squeue command to view information about the jobs in the cluster\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
   2      spot     wrap ec2-user CF       0:04      3 spot-dy-c5xlarge-1,spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
```

Your job is in the `CF` \(CONFIGURING\) state, waiting for instances to scale up and join the cluster\.

After about three minutes, the nodes are available and the job enters the `R` \(RUNNING\) state\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
   2      spot     wrap ec2-user  R       0:07      3 spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
```

The job finishes, and all three nodes are in the `idle` state\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite     17  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[1-9],spot-dy-t2micro-[2-9]
spot*        up   infinite      3  idle  spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

Then, after no jobs remain in the queue, check for `slurm-2.out` in your local directory\.

```
$ cat slurm-2.out 
Hello World from spot-st-t2micro-1
Hello World from spot-dy-t2micro-1
Hello World from spot-st-c5xlarge-1
```

This is the final state of the cluster\.

```
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite     17  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[1-9],spot-dy-t2micro-[2-9]
spot*        up   infinite      3  idle  spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

After logging off of the cluster, you can clean up by running `pcluster delete-cluster`\. For more information, see [`pcluster list-clusters`](pcluster.list-clusters-v3.md) and [`pcluster delete-cluster`](pcluster.delete-cluster-v3.md)\.

```
$ pcluster list-clusters
{
 "clusters": [
   {
     "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
     "cloudformationStackStatus": "CREATE_COMPLETE",
     "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
     "region": "eu-west-1",
     "version": "3.1.4",
     "clusterStatus": "CREATE_COMPLETE"
   }
 ]
}
$ pcluster delete-cluster -n multi-queue-cluster
{
 "cluster": {
   "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
   "cloudformationStackStatus": "DELETE_IN_PROGRESS",
   "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
   "region": "eu-west-1",
   "version": "3.1.4",
   "clusterStatus": "DELETE_IN_PROGRESS"
 }
}
```

Commit message:

ParallelCluster UI release 2023.04.0 update - 04/19/23- 11:13am PDT

doc_source/multi-queue-tutorial-v3.md, after:

# Running jobs in a multiple queue mode cluster<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3"></a>

This tutorial covers how to run your first "Hello World" job on AWS ParallelCluster with [multiple queue mode](configuration-of-multiple-queues-v3.md)\.

When using the AWS ParallelCluster command line interface \(CLI\) or API, you only pay for the AWS resources that are created when you create or update AWS ParallelCluster images and clusters\. For more information, see [AWS services used by AWS ParallelCluster](aws-services-v3.md)\.

The AWS ParallelCluster UI is built on a serverless architecture and you can use it within the AWS Free Tier category for most cases\. For more information, see [AWS ParallelCluster UI costs](install-pcui-v3.md#install-pcui-costs-v3)\.

**Prerequisites**
+ AWS ParallelCluster [is installed](install-v3-parallelcluster.md)\.
+ The AWS CLI [is installed and configured\.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
+ You have an [EC2 key pair](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-key-pairs.html)\.
+ You have an IAM role with the [permissions](iam-roles-in-parallelcluster-v3.md#iam-roles-in-parallelcluster-v3-example-user-policies) that are required to run the [`pcluster`](pcluster-v3.md) CLI\.

## Configure your cluster<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-configure-cluster"></a>

First, verify that AWS ParallelCluster is correctly installed by running the following command\.

```
$ pcluster version
```

For more information about `pcluster version`, see [`pcluster version`](pcluster.version-v3.md)\.

This command returns the running version of AWS ParallelCluster\.

Next, run `pcluster configure` to generate a basic configuration file\. Follow all the prompts that follow this command\.

```
$ pcluster configure --config multi-queue-mode.yaml
```

For more information about the `pcluster configure` command, see [`pcluster configure`](pcluster.configure-v3.md)\.

After you complete this step, a basic configuration file named `multi-queue-mode.yaml` appears\. This file contains a basic cluster configuration\.

In the next step, you modify your new configuration file and launch a cluster with multiple queues\.

**Note**  
Some instances that this tutorial uses aren't free\-tier eligible\.

For this tutorial, modify your configuration file to match the following configuration\. The items that are highlighted in red represent your configuration file values\. Keep your own values\.

```
Region: region-id
Image:
 Os: alinux2
HeadNode:
 InstanceType: c5.xlarge
 Networking:
   SubnetId: subnet-abcdef01234567890
 Ssh:
   KeyName: yourkeypair
Scheduling:
 Scheduler: slurm
 SlurmQueues:
 - Name: spot
   ComputeResources:
   - Name: c5xlarge
     InstanceType: c5.xlarge
     MinCount: 1
     MaxCount: 10
   - Name: t2micro
     InstanceType: t2.micro
     MinCount: 1
     MaxCount: 10
   Networking:
     SubnetIds:
     - subnet-abcdef01234567890
 - Name: ondemand
   ComputeResources:
   - Name: c52xlarge
     InstanceType: c5.2xlarge
     MinCount: 0
     MaxCount: 10
   Networking:
     SubnetIds:
     - subnet-021345abcdef6789
```

## Create your cluster<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-create-cluster"></a>

Create a cluster that's named `multi-queue-cluster` based on your configuration file\.

```
$ pcluster create-cluster --cluster-name multi-queue-cluster --cluster-configuration multi-queue-mode.yaml
{
 "cluster": {
   "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
   "cloudformationStackStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS",
   "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
   "region": "eu-west-1",
   "version": "3.5.1",
   "clusterStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS"
 }
}
```

For more information about the `pcluster create-cluster` command, see [`pcluster create-cluster`](pcluster.create-cluster-v3.md)\.

To check the status of the cluster, run the following command\.

```
$ pcluster list-clusters
{
 "cluster": {
   "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
   "cloudformationStackStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS",
   "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
   "region": "eu-west-1",
   "version": "3.5.1",
   "clusterStatus": "CREATE_IN_PROGRESS"
 }
}
```

When the cluster is created, the `clusterStatus` field shows `CREATE_COMPLETE`\.

## Log in to the head node<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-log-into-head-node"></a>

Use your private SSH key file to log in to the head node\.

```
$ pcluster ssh --cluster-name multi-queue-cluster -i ~/path/to/yourkeyfile.pem
```

For more information about `pcluster ssh`, see [`pcluster ssh`](pcluster.ssh-v3.md)\.

After logging in, run the `sinfo` command to verify that your scheduler queues are set up and configured\.

For more information about `sinfo`, see [sinfo](https://slurm.schedmd.com/sinfo.html) in the *Slurm documentation*\.

```
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite     18  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[1-9],spot-dy-t2micro-[1-9]
spot*        up   infinite      2  idle  spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

The output shows that you have one `t2.micro` and one `c5.xlarge` compute node in the `idle` state that are available in your cluster\.

Other nodes are all in the power saving state, indicated by the `~` suffix in node state, with no EC2 instances backing them\. The default queue is indicated by a `*` suffix after its queue name\. `spot` is your default job queue\.

## Run job in multiple queue mode<a name="multi-queue-tutorial-v3-running-job-mqm"></a>

Next, try to run a job to sleep for a while\. The job later outputs its own hostname\. Make sure that this script can be run by the current user\.

```
$ tee <<EOF hellojob.sh
#!/bin/bash
sleep 30
echo "Hello World from \$(hostname)"
EOF

$ chmod +x hellojob.sh
$ ls -l hellojob.sh
-rwxrwxr-x 1 ec2-user ec2-user 57 Sep 23 21:57 hellojob.sh
```

Submit the job using the `sbatch` command\. Request two nodes for this job with the `-N 2` option, and verify that the job submits successfully\. For more information about `sbatch`, see [https://slurm.schedmd.com/sbatch.html](https://slurm.schedmd.com/sbatch.html) in the *Slurm documentation*\.

```
$ sbatch -N 2 --wrap "srun hellojob.sh"
Submitted batch job 1
```

You can view your queue and check the status of the job with the `squeue` command\. Because you didn't specify a specific queue, the default queue \(`spot`\) is used\. For more information about `squeue`, see [https://slurm.schedmd.com/squeue.html](https://slurm.schedmd.com/squeue.html) in the *Slurm documentation*\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER  ST      TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
   1      spot     wrap ec2-user  R       0:10      2 spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
```

The output shows that the job is currently in a running state\. Wait for the job to finish\. This takes about 30 seconds\. Then, run `squeue` again\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER          ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
```

Now that the jobs in the queue have all finished, look for the output file that's named `slurm-1.out` in your current directory\.

```
$ cat slurm-1.out
Hello World from spot-st-t2micro-1
Hello World from spot-st-c5xlarge-1
```

The output shows that the job ran successfully on the `spot-st-t2micro-1` and `spot-st-c5xlarge-1` nodes\.

Now submit the same job by specifying constraints for specific instances with the following commands\.

```
$ sbatch -N 3 -p spot -C "[c5.xlarge*1&t2.micro*2]" --wrap "srun hellojob.sh"
Submitted batch job 2
```

You used these parameters for `sbatch`:
+ `-N 3`– requests three nodes\.
+ `-p spot`– submits the job to the `spot` queue\. You can also submit a job to the `ondemand` queue by specifying `-p ondemand`\.
+ `-C "[c5.xlarge*1&t2.micro*2]"`– specifies the specific node constraints for this job\. This requests one `c5.xlarge` node and two `t2.micro` nodes to be used for this job\.

Run the `sinfo` command to view the nodes and queues\. Queues in AWS ParallelCluster are called partitions in Slurm\.

```
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite      1  alloc# spot-dy-t2micro-1
spot*        up   infinite     17  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[2-10],spot-dy-t2micro-[2-9]
spot*        up   infinite      1  mix   spot-st-c5xlarge-1
spot*        up   infinite      1  alloc spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

The nodes are powering up\. This is indicated by the `#` suffix on the node state\. Run the squeue command to view information about the jobs in the cluster\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
   2      spot     wrap ec2-user CF       0:04      3 spot-dy-c5xlarge-1,spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
```

Your job is in the `CF` \(CONFIGURING\) state, waiting for instances to scale up and join the cluster\.

After about three minutes, the nodes are available and the job enters the `R` \(RUNNING\) state\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
   2      spot     wrap ec2-user  R       0:07      3 spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
```

The job finishes, and all three nodes are in the `idle` state\.

```
$ squeue
JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite     17  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[1-9],spot-dy-t2micro-[2-9]
spot*        up   infinite      3  idle  spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

Then, after no jobs remain in the queue, check for `slurm-2.out` in your local directory\.

```
$ cat slurm-2.out 
Hello World from spot-st-t2micro-1
Hello World from spot-dy-t2micro-1
Hello World from spot-st-c5xlarge-1
```

This is the final state of the cluster\.

```
$ sinfo
PARTITION AVAIL  TIMELIMIT  NODES  STATE NODELIST
spot*        up   infinite     17  idle~ spot-dy-c5xlarge-[1-9],spot-dy-t2micro-[2-9]
spot*        up   infinite      3  idle  spot-dy-t2micro-1,spot-st-c5xlarge-1,spot-st-t2micro-1
ondemand     up   infinite     10  idle~ ondemand-dy-c52xlarge-[1-10]
```

After logging off of the cluster, you can clean up by running `pcluster delete-cluster`\. For more information, see [`pcluster list-clusters`](pcluster.list-clusters-v3.md) and [`pcluster delete-cluster`](pcluster.delete-cluster-v3.md)\.

```
$ pcluster list-clusters
{
 "clusters": [
   {
     "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
     "cloudformationStackStatus": "CREATE_COMPLETE",
     "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
     "region": "eu-west-1",
     "version": "3.1.4",
     "clusterStatus": "CREATE_COMPLETE"
   }
 ]
}
$ pcluster delete-cluster -n multi-queue-cluster
{
 "cluster": {
   "clusterName": "multi-queue-cluster",
   "cloudformationStackStatus": "DELETE_IN_PROGRESS",
   "cloudformationStackArn": "arn:aws:cloudformation:eu-west-1:123456789012:stack/multi-queue-cluster/1234567-abcd-0123-def0-abcdef0123456",
   "region": "eu-west-1",
   "version": "3.1.4",
   "clusterStatus": "DELETE_IN_PROGRESS"
 }
}
```
