doc_source/tutorials_04_encrypted_kms_fs.md, before:

# Disk encryption with a custom KMS Key<a name="tutorials_04_encrypted_kms_fs"></a>

AWS ParallelCluster supports the configuration options `ebs_kms_key_id` and `fsx_kms_key_id`\. These options allow you to provide a custom AWS KMS key for Amazon EBS Disk encryption or Amazon FSx for Lustre\. To use them, you specify an `ec2_iam_role`\.

In order for the cluster to create, the AWS KMS key must know the name of the cluster's role\. This prevents you from using the role created on cluster create, requiring a custom `ec2_iam_role`\.

## Creating the role<a name="creating-the-role"></a>

First you create a policy:

1. Go to the IAM Console: [https://console\.aws\.amazon\.com/iam/home](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home)\.

1. Under **Policies**, **Create policy**, click the **JSON** tab\.

1. As the policy's body, paste in the [Instance Policy](iam.md)\. Make sure to replace all occurrences of `<AWS ACCOUNT ID>` and `<REGION>`\.

1. Name the policy `ParallelClusterInstancePolicy`, and then click **Create Policy**\.

Next create a role:

1. Under **Roles**, create a role\.

1. Click `EC2` as the trusted entity\.

1. Under **Permissions**, search for the `ParallelClusterInstancePolicy` role that you just created, and attach it\.

1. Name the role `ParallelClusterInstanceRole`, and then click **Create Role**\.

## Give your key permissions<a name="give-your-key-permissions"></a>

In the IAM Console > **Encryption Keys** > click your key\.

Click **Add User**, and search for the *ParallelClusterInstanceRole* you just created\. Attach it\.

## Creating the cluster<a name="creating-the-cluster"></a>

Now create a cluster\. The following is an example of a cluster with encrypted `Raid 0` drives:

```
[cluster default]
...
raid_settings = rs
ec2_iam_role = ParallelClusterInstanceRole

[raid rs]
shared_dir = raid
raid_type = 0
num_of_raid_volumes = 2
volume_size = 100
encrypted = true
ebs_kms_key_id = xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
```

The following is an example with the Amazon FSx for Lustre file system:

```
[cluster default]
...
fsx_settings = fs
ec2_iam_role = ParallelClusterInstanceRole

[fsx fs]
shared_dir = /fsx
storage_capacity = 3600
imported_file_chunk_size = 1024
export_path = s3://bucket/folder
import_path = s3://bucket
weekly_maintenance_start_time = 1:00:00
fsx_kms_key_id = xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
```

Similar configurations apply to Amazon EBS and Amazon FSx based file systems\.

Commit message:

Enable use of key through KMS console
Previously the instructions for encrypting EBS and FSx file systems via ParallelCluster recommended adding users for a KMS key via the IAM console. It doesn't appear this can be done via the IAM console anymore. This changes the instructions to recommend customers use the KMS console instead.

doc_source/tutorials_04_encrypted_kms_fs.md, after:

# Disk encryption with a custom KMS Key<a name="tutorials_04_encrypted_kms_fs"></a>

AWS ParallelCluster supports the configuration options `ebs_kms_key_id` and `fsx_kms_key_id`\. These options allow you to provide a custom AWS KMS key for Amazon EBS Disk encryption or Amazon FSx for Lustre\. To use them, you specify an `ec2_iam_role`\.

In order for the cluster to create, the AWS KMS key must know the name of the cluster's role\. This prevents you from using the role created on cluster create, requiring a custom `ec2_iam_role`\.

## Creating the role<a name="creating-the-role"></a>

First you create a policy:

1. Go to the IAM Console: [https://console\.aws\.amazon\.com/iam/home](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home)\.

1. Under **Policies**, **Create policy**, click the **JSON** tab\.

1. As the policy's body, paste in the [Instance Policy](iam.md)\. Make sure to replace all occurrences of `<AWS ACCOUNT ID>` and `<REGION>`\.

1. Name the policy `ParallelClusterInstancePolicy`, and then click **Create Policy**\.

Next create a role:

1. Under **Roles**, create a role\.

1. Click `EC2` as the trusted entity\.

1. Under **Permissions**, search for the `ParallelClusterInstancePolicy` role that you just created, and attach it\.

1. Name the role `ParallelClusterInstanceRole`, and then click **Create Role**\.

## Give your key permissions<a name="give-your-key-permissions"></a>

In the KMS Console > **Customer managed keys** > click your key's alias or ID\.

Click the **Add** button in the **Key users** box underneath the **Key policy** tab, and search for the *ParallelClusterInstanceRole* you just created\. Attach it\.

## Creating the cluster<a name="creating-the-cluster"></a>

Now create a cluster\. The following is an example of a cluster with encrypted `Raid 0` drives:

```
[cluster default]
...
raid_settings = rs
ec2_iam_role = ParallelClusterInstanceRole

[raid rs]
shared_dir = raid
raid_type = 0
num_of_raid_volumes = 2
volume_size = 100
encrypted = true
ebs_kms_key_id = xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
```

The following is an example with the Amazon FSx for Lustre file system:

```
[cluster default]
...
fsx_settings = fs
ec2_iam_role = ParallelClusterInstanceRole

[fsx fs]
shared_dir = /fsx
storage_capacity = 3600
imported_file_chunk_size = 1024
export_path = s3://bucket/folder
import_path = s3://bucket
weekly_maintenance_start_time = 1:00:00
fsx_kms_key_id = xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
```

Similar configurations apply to Amazon EBS and Amazon FSx based file systems\.
